EC-84: Revise Configuration, Customers, eContent, Login and Logging (#5)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/customers/customers_api/customer_profile_data_components/customer_profile_data_services.md

## CustomerProfileDataServiceInterface

`CustomerProfileDataServiceInterface` (`Silversolutions\Bundle\EshopBundle\Services\CustomerProfileData\CustomerProfileDataServiceInterface`)
is the general interface for any customer profile data service.

## AbstractCustomerProfileDataService

`AbstractCustomerProfileDataService` (`Silversolutions\Bundle\EshopBundle\Services\CustomerProfileData\AbstractCustomerProfileDataService`)

> is the abstract customer profile data service implementation which provides helper methods for derivative services.

Reviewer: Noun cluster
```suggestion
is a data service implementation of the abstract customer's profile that provides helper methods for derivative services.
```

## EzErpCustomerProfileDataService

`EzErpCustomerProfileDataService` (`Silversolutions\Bundle\EshopBundle\Services\CustomerProfileData\EzErpCustomerProfileDataService`)

> is the concrete customer profile data service implementation using ERP as source for customer and contact data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is a data service implementation of the concrete customer's profile that uses ERP as source for customer and contact data.
```
